0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
  - pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is the longest word in the dictionary.

1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
  - getrusage returns usage statistics for the calling process, which is the sum of resources used by all threads in the process,    
    including both user mode and kernal mode.  The resource usages are returned in usage structure, which contains ru_utime, total amount 
    of time spent executing in user mode, and ru_stime, total amount of time spent executing in kernel mode. Both of them are expressed in 
    a timeval structure (seconds + microseconds).
    
2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
  - 16
  
3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their 
   contents?
  - because before and after are large structs whose values are slow to pass and return and increase the potential risk of stack overflow     whem remembered in the memory.
  
4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us   
   that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
  - fgetc returns the unsigned char of the next character in the stream and advance the pointer in the stream until it reaches the end of     file (EOF). 
        (1) If the returned unsigned char is (a) an alphabetic character or (b) an apostrophe following a character, append the     
            character/apostrophe to the word and advance the index of the char array of word. 
                (1.1) If the word becomes larger than prescribed word length, the word is not recorded and keep getting the next character 
                      if the EOF of stream is not reached without recording the characters read.
        (2) If the returned unsigned char is a digit, the word is not recorded and keep getting the next character if the EOF of stream is 
            not reached without recording the characters read.
        (3) If the returned unsigned char is not alphanumeric, the word is appended with "\0" indicating the end of a word and increase 
            the word count by 1. The spelling of the word is then checked and the time usage of the ckecking is calculated and added to 
            the total spelling checking time.
                (3.1) If the word is confirmed misspelled, then the misspelled word is printed and the count of misspelling increases by  
                      1.
            At the end of this process, reset the index to 0 to acquire next word.
            
5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to 
   read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
   - fgetc reads character by character which gives the programme more control over the type of word that is allowed. fscanf instead has 
     only 7 type specifiers. All of them require further correction once retrieving the word in order to conform the word type specified 
     in this programme.
     
6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
  - To ensure the immutability of the parameter and improve the performance of the programme.
